the US Navy has reopened an
investigation into UFO sightings off
Florida a few years ago the UFOs were
reportedly putting stunts that would be
impossible for human pilots let's have a
look at some fascinating but
inconclusive footage of the u.s. fighter
pilot spotting the UFOs okay well hands
up if you believe that there is
intelligent life out there
Wow nice almost all of you has anyone
actually seen a UFO you're history when
did you see a UFO I saw an unidentified
flying object
in Suffolk early 90s driving back from a
party in firming room and there was a
kind of really big ball of light a sort
of smaller than a helicopter very bright
light I was a bit freaked out so I
parked at the side of the road so you
saw this thing that freak to actually
stop if I stop what will happen and it
stopped - okay I phoned up all the USA
Air Force bases they're an awful lot
that sounds like the sensible thing
today can I speak to the president
because
explain this he was a ball of line I
stopped it's not hydro what it drove up
[Applause]
Dogfather have you seen a UFO that was
coming back from enmity Glasgow and
there's just enormous brightly oh my god
very similar to your story but it just
stayed there I don't know five ten miles
and then just vertical don't high-speed
disappeared okay
witness a fitness aliens yes or no no
and watch DT you watch these things
I don't think punch lick myself but
there's I believe in another solar
system we're outside of our solar system
this there might be something out there
I don't think that any of us have seen
anything but they do definitely know
this up a solar system I like the good
ones about 80 and stuff yeah that'd be
all right if they were like aliens from
the actual film aliens I'm not having
any of that I don't believe that they
exist at all no no I haven't seen one so
what do you think of the story sir
[Applause]
we ain't got no fish because we spent
all our money on some OCD per se oh
please